--- 
categories: 
  - "Beyond Feelings"
comments: true
layout: post
published: true
status: publish
tags: []
title: Woman
type: post
---
<div id="msgcns!5F971C000415D85F!749" class="bvMsg"><div>Adam was bored in the Garden of Eden, so he says to God, “O Lord, I have a problem.” <br>“So what is your problem Adam?” replies God. <br>“O Lord, I know that you did create me and gave me all this wonderful food and put me in this beautiful garden, but I'm just not happy.” <br>“Why is that, Adam?“ <br>“O Lord, even though I know you created this place for me and you gave me all these beautiful animals to be with, I am nevertheless still lonely.“ <br>"Well Adam, in that case I have the perfect solution. I shall create a 'woman' for you."<br>“What is a 'woman', O Lord?“ <br>“A ‘woman' will be such an intelligent creature that she will know what you want before you ask for it. She will be so sensitive and caring that she will know your every mood and how to make you happy. Her beauty will be the equal of anything on earth. She will unquestioningly care for your every need and desire. She will be the ideal companion.“ answers the voice from heaven.<br>“This woman sounds great to me, O Lord.“ <br>“She will be, take my word for it, but she comes at a price, Adam."<br>“So how much will she cost me, O Lord?“ Adam asks. <br>“She will cost you your left arm, your right foot, one eye, one ear and your right testicle.“ <br>Adam thinks about this for a good 60 minutes, working out all the pros and cons of having such a woman for company, but especially the cost to him. <br>Finally Adam says, “O Lord, what kind of woman can I get for just one rib?“ <br>The rest, as they say, is history. </div></div>
